Egyptian Goddess and Pharaoh

The Egyptian Goddess Blue, goddess of the sky, the stars and the celestial canopy, sits in her corner of the heavens, pondering how she can achieve more power.  Her thoughts turn to Johnses, Pharaoh of Egypt, wondering how she can use him and his minions to her benefit.  Johnses has a vast army and nearly limitless resources and power, and would be a worthy ally in her quest to take over the heavens and the earth.  He is also reportedly a man of epic virility, conquering women as he does empires.  All this lusting for power and control, and thoughts of Johnses legendary manhood stirs up a more primal lust.  She contemplates bringing in her servants to tend to her needs, but decides she can do a better job herself.

Goddess Blue goes to her bedroom, and climbs under the canopy of her bed, removing her layers of flowing robes as she does so.  Her fingers find her already moist core, and gently teases her heavenly womanhood.  She moans, imagining it is Johnses probing her divine flower with his tongue.  Blue takes her time, slowly building towards her eruption deliberately, first stimulating the outer lips, then her clit, then finally slipping a tantalizing finger inside.  Oh, the feeling is magical, she savors her touch, slowly sliding one finger in and out, and then two.  Wanting to more closely mimic Johnses size, she adds a 3rd finger, crying out with pleasure at the fullness and intensity of her strokes, imagining it is he, not her fingers, powerfully pounding away at her precious petals of love.  Finally she can take no more, and allows herself to climax, spraying her divine dew all over her fingers, her hands, and the fabrics on the bed.  She lays there for awhile, allowing the waves of pleasure to slowly subside, freeing her mind to once again focus on world domination.

It doesn’t take long to formulate her plan, she will seduce Johnses with her radiant beauty and mesmerizing sexuality and begins to plot how to put his in motion, starting with invading Johnses dreams.  That night, as Johnses sleeps, surrounded by his harem, he finds himself floating above the earth in his dream.  He sees his vast empire spread out below, and also the lands he has not yet conquered, igniting anger and lust.  At some point, his dream is a little fuzzy, he finds himself on top of a lush mountain overlooking these unconquered lands.  He feels a touch on his arm and finds the Goddess Blue by his side.  He immediately and reverently drops to his knee, talking her hand and kissing it.  “You may stand mortal”, the goddess commands.  As he stands, the obvious bulge in Pharaoh’s shendyt is obvious.  She smiles, “is that for me Pharaoh?”  Before he can answer, she continues, “I know it is not, I was watching as you surveyed the surrounding valleys.  You are aroused by power, and the desire to conquer all things.” 

“Yes, goddess, you are correct, but had I seen you first, it is you who would’ve inspired my arousal, in fact, it continues to grow even more in your presence.  How may I serve you?”.

Blue appreciates and admires the quick wit and cunning mind, definitely too smart for a mortal.  He will need to be watched and controlled, you know just how to control these mortals and their weakness for the flesh.  Blue moves closer to Pharaoh, he can smell her heavenly, inhaling her essence fills his mind with glorious and wretched ideas.  He contemplates, is it proper for me to ravage a goddess?  Of course, I am Pharaoh, everything on earth and in the heavens can be mine if I am strong enough.  Blue, with the ability to read his mind in his dreams, smiles at his naivete and gently traces a finger along the bulge in his linen kilt.  “I have a proposal for you Johnses”.  In his dream, Johnses feels himself being pushed to the ground by unseen forces.  He fears the gods will punish him for his thoughts.  “not to worry Johnses, only I know what you were thinking”.  As she says this, Blue straddles his loins, feeling his hardness beneath her, her hands on his bare muscular chest.  He can hardly breath, the power of the goddess is much more than he expected.

Blue grinds her love sheath against his flesh scepter, sending waves of pleasure through both of them. “Do you want to hear my proposition, Pharaoh?”

“Yes goddess” is all he can reply through a combination of pressure on his lungs and on his swollen staff.

Blue lifts his shendyt exposing him to the cool mountain breeze, it feels like the breath of a thousand virgins on his flesh pole.  She spreads the many layers of her alluring fabric, to expose her celestial love fronds, slowly allowing Johnses’ shaft to feel the outside of her dewy lips.  “I will allow you to pleasure me with your mortality, if you agree to help me take over the heavens and the entire earth.  You can then rule by my side for eternity.  With the magic of my boiling cauldron, I shall give you eternal life, eternal power, eternal pleasure, you only have to  submit to me and help me achieve these wondrous goals.  What say you, mortal?”
 
With the pleasure mounting in his manhood, Johnses can reply only, “yes, my goddess, your wish is my command”.  With that satisfactory reply, Blue engulfs Pharaoh, the mutual pleasure is exquisite, the skies burst open with thunder, lightning, and torrents of rain.  They continue their illicit coupling through the storm, Blue riding the Egyptian stallion, taking them both to new heights of pleasure.  Pharaoh takes hold of Blue’s hips, thrusting upwards to meet her, his power growing with each thrust, as more of her godly power transfers to him through their union.  He feels stronger and more virile than ever, and Blue feels it to, urging him on, “Yes Pharaoh, feel what I have given you, pleasure, power, and a forthcoming orgasm that will be unlike any you have felt before”.  Pharaoh feel like Vesuvius, lava bubbling up from his inner core, ready to explode in Blue’s inner sanctum.  “Yes, Pharaoh, feel me draw your love magma to the surface, yes Pharaoh, give it all to me, your goddess demands it, and I shalt cover you with my heavenly mead”.  With that, Pharaoh explodes deep inside Blue and Blue’s core erupts in her own torrent, their juices mingling, forming their own union inside her love grotto. “We have sealed our union Pharaoh, you cannot betray me”.

At that moment, Pharaoh awakens in his own bed with a start.  He notices the bed is soaked, and he has ejaculated all over his stomach, some even making it’s way to his chest, neck, and the pillow beside him.  That was quite a dream, he looks around the room, expecting to see the Goddess Blue, but sees only his sleeping harem.  Becoming more aware of this surroundings, and remembering more of the vivid dream, he is filled with excitement, power, and lust, now plotting to take over the earth and give his goddess what she desires.

to be continued...
